README.md, before:

# I've joined the #100DaysOfCode Challenge.

## Contents
* [Rules](rules.md)
* [Log - click here to see my progress](log.md)
* [FAQ](FAQ.md)
* [Resources](resources.md)

## If you've decided to join:
1. Read [Join the #100DaysOfCode](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/join-the-100daysofcode-556ddb4579e4)
2. Fork this repo and commit to the [Log](log.md) daily. [Example](https://github.com/Kallaway/100-days-kallaway-log).
3. **Code minimum an hour every day for the next 100 days.**
4. Change the date in [Rules](rules.md) to the day you've started the challenge.
5. Delete the examples in the log, or comment them out, and start filling it with your own content.
6. **Tweet your progress every day using the #100DaysOfCode hashtag.**
7. Follow [100DaysOfCode](https://twitter.com/_100DaysOfCode) Twitter Bot that retweets all the tweets that contain the #100DaysOfCode hashtag. It's a great way to keep yourself motivated and to participate in the community. Thanks [@amanhimself](https://twitter.com/amanhimself) for creating it!
8. Important: Encourage others who are doing the same challenge on Twitter or elsewhere - by giving them props when they are posting updates on their progress, supporting them when things get difficult. Thus we will grow a community that is helpful and effective, which will lead to a higher success rate for each person involved. It's also more likely that you will stick to your own commitment, given that you will get acquainted with a couple people (or more) right away.
9. If you find a great, helpful resource that others would benefit from, either submit a Pull Request to add it to the repo, or just tweet at me (see info below)

## Note
* If you have any questions or ideas about 100DaysOfCode (or other ideas), feel free to reach out to me on Twitter: [@ka11away](https://twitter.com/ka11away)
* If you like this repo and find it useful, please consider &#9733; starring it (on top right of the page) :)

Commit message:

Updated for 180 days of data science

README.md, after:

# I've joined the #180DaysOfCode Challenge.

## Contents
* [Rules](rules.md)
* [Log - click here to see my progress](log.md)
* [FAQ](FAQ.md)
* [Resources](resources.md)

## If you've decided to join:
1. This challenge is an adaptation from the [66 mini hell formula by Mr. Thia Kai Xin](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-become-a-data-scientist-without-a-PhD/answer/Thia-Kai-Xin)
2. Fork this repo and commit to the [Log](log.md) daily. [Example](https://github.com/arishuynhvan/180-days-of-datascience/blob/master/log.md).
3. **Spend minimum 60 minutes every day on data science for the next 180 days.** (60 mins/day for 6 months)
4. Change the date in [Rules](rules.md) to the day you've started the challenge.
5. Delete the examples in the log, or comment them out, and start filling it with your own content.
6. **Tweet your progress every day using the #180DaysOfDataScience hashtag.**
7. Important: Encourage others who are doing the same challenge on Twitter or elsewhere - by giving them props when they are posting updates on their progress, supporting them when things get difficult. Thus we will grow a community that is helpful and effective, which will lead to a higher success rate for each person involved. It's also more likely that you will stick to your own commitment, given that you will get acquainted with a couple people (or more) right away.
9. If you find a great, helpful resource that others would benefit from, either submit a Pull Request to add it to the repo, or just tweet at me (see info below)

## Note
* Contact me [@ArisHuang2](https://twitter.com/ArisHuang2)
* This was based on #100DaysOfCode challenge by [@ka11away](https://twitter.com/ka11away)
* If you like this repo and find it useful, please consider &#9733; starring it (on top right of the page) :)
