rules.md, before:

# Rules of the 100 Days Of Code Challenge

## Main Commitment
### *I will code for at least an hour every day for the next 100 days.*

#### Start Date
6th, Jan 2016. 

## Additional Rules
1. I will tweet about my progress every day -> using the hashtag #100DaysOfCode, and note which date of the challenge I'm on.
2. If I code at work or for my school assignments, that time won't count towards the challenge.
3. I will push code to GitHub every day so that anyone can see my progress.
4. I will update the (Log)[log.md] with the day's progress and provide a link so that others can see my progress.
5. I will work on real projects or algorithmic challenges for at least 1 hour/day. The time spent doing tutorials, online courses and other similar resources will NOT count towards this challenge. (If I run out of things to build or feel bored with my current projects, read [FAQ](FAQ.md) or return to [Free Code Camp Curriculum](http://freecodecamp.com/map)).
6. I will only skip a day if something important comes up. And when I resume, I won’t count the day I skipped as one of my 100 days.
7. I will encourage and support at least two people each day in the #100DaysOfCode challenge on Twitter, Gitter or Slack.
8. Complete 2 IMPT! tasks before staring the challenge: potential project ideas in a timeline & personal portfolio website
9. Besides my short log, I will spend at least half an hour each day to document my problem solving approach & learninng points on [my crude Jekyll blog](https://arishuynhvan.github.io/) in the template:
```
What is the challenge today?

How did I tackle this?

Was it solved?

What did I learn?

What else should I try next (or next time)?

What did I help others with today?

How do I think/feel about that?
```

## Ideas to make this challenge more effective
1. To increase the chances of success, it's a requirement that you add a link to each of the day posts in the [log](log.md). It can be a link to a commit on GitHub, a link to a blog post
2. If you get upset or stuck, read this article: [Learning to Code: When It Gets Dark](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/learning-to-code-when-it-gets-dark-e485edfb58fd)
3. If you don't know why there is such an emphasis on working on the projects vs doing tutorials or online courses, read this: [How to Get a Developer Job in Less Than a Year](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/how-to-get-a-developer-job-in-less-than-a-year-c27bbfe71645)
4. You will be able to apply best coding practices like TDD, design patterns at your own pace and choice and plan your whole workflow & choose your tools freely.
5. Coding will become a daily habit for you — a habit that you can easily maintain after you’ve finished the challenge. Every day that you consistently code, you’ll build momentum. That momentum will make it easier for you to learn more advanced topics. You won’t have to spend extra time trying to remember what you did previously. You can stay in the “flow” of coding.
6. You’ll make friends and meet like-minded people who are also working through this challenge alongside you. They’ll help you find the strength to keep coding even on the days when you don’t feel like you’re making progress. They can also help you when you inevitably get stuck.
7. The projects that you’ll build will be small in scope, so by the time you finish, you’ll have completed several of them — and gained a wide range of experience.
8. If you were just working through tutorials, you wouldn’t have much to show for it. But with #100DaysOfCode, you’ll build real portfolio projects that you can show to potential employers and share with your family.
9. These projects will give you practice with concepts that frequently come up during developer job interviews. Your GitHub profile will look extremely active. And yes, hiring managers and recruiters do look at these.
10. You’ll greatly diminish your fear of starting a new coding project. It will become a natural, ordinary thing to do.
11. You’ll have a good reason to stop procrastinating and start coding every day.
12. You can get motivated upon seeing others' big or small [progress on Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=%23100daysofcode&src=typd) 

## Contents
* [Rules](rules.md)
* [Log - click here to see my progress](log.md)
* [FAQ](FAQ.md)
* [Resources](resources.md)

Commit message:

Updated for 180 days of data science

rules.md, after:

# Rules of the 180 Days Of Data Science Challenge

## Main Commitment
### *I will learn data science for at least an hour every day for the next 180 days.*

#### Start Date
8th, Jan 2016. 

## Additional Rules
1. I will tweet about my progress every day -> using the hashtag #180DaysOfDataScience, and note which date of the challenge I'm on.
2. Since this is a mini hell tour, I will count all the time spent learning MOOCs, tutorials or reading articles of Data Science breadth topics: statistics, machine learning, database, computer vision, data visualization, etc.
3. I will write a blog post everyday and include the link in my tweets for everyone to see my progress
4. I will update the (Log)[log.md] with the day's progress and provide a link so that others can see my progress.
5. I will work on some programming assignments with R or Python for at least 30 mins/day for some data science problems. I will publish these codes on my Git Repo regardless of how simple they are
6. I will only skip a day if something important comes up. And when I resume, I won’t count the day I skipped as one of my 180 days.
7. I will tweet the link to my questions on Quora, Stack Overflow, my blog or other platforms where I had my questions answer by the community.
8. I will document the resources I used everyday
9. I will document my problem solving approach & learninng points on [my crude Jekyll blog](https://arishuynhvan.github.io/) based on this template:
```
What is the challenge today?

How did I tackle this?

Was it solved?

What did I learn?

What else should I try next (or next time)?

What are my questions posted on social media platforms?

```

## Ideas to make this challenge more effective
1. To increase the chances of success, it's a requirement that you add a link to each of the day posts in the [log](log.md). It can be a link to a commit on GitHub, a link to a blog post
2. If you get upset or stuck, read this article: [Learning to Code: When It Gets Dark](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/learning-to-code-when-it-gets-dark-e485edfb58fd)
3. If you don't know why there is such an emphasis on working on the projects vs doing tutorials or online courses, read this: [How to Get a Developer Job in Less Than a Year](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/how-to-get-a-developer-job-in-less-than-a-year-c27bbfe71645)
4. You will be able to apply best coding practices like TDD, design patterns at your own pace and choice and plan your whole workflow & choose your tools freely.
5. Coding will become a daily habit for you — a habit that you can easily maintain after you’ve finished the challenge. Every day that you consistently code, you’ll build momentum. That momentum will make it easier for you to learn more advanced topics. You won’t have to spend extra time trying to remember what you did previously. You can stay in the “flow” of coding.
6. You’ll make friends and meet like-minded people who are also working through this challenge alongside you. They’ll help you find the strength to keep coding even on the days when you don’t feel like you’re making progress. They can also help you when you inevitably get stuck.
7. The projects that you’ll build will be small in scope, so by the time you finish, you’ll have completed several of them — and gained a wide range of experience.
8. If you were just working through tutorials, you wouldn’t have much to show for it. But with #100DaysOfCode, you’ll build real portfolio projects that you can show to potential employers and share with your family.
9. These projects will give you practice with concepts that frequently come up during developer job interviews. Your GitHub profile will look extremely active. And yes, hiring managers and recruiters do look at these.
10. You’ll greatly diminish your fear of starting a new coding project. It will become a natural, ordinary thing to do.
11. You’ll have a good reason to stop procrastinating and start coding every day.
12. You can get motivated upon seeing others' big or small [progress on Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=%23100daysofcode&src=typd) 

## Contents
* [Rules](rules.md)
* [Log - click here to see my progress](log.md)
* [FAQ](FAQ.md)
* [Resources](resources.md)
